Split select options into 2 (#5301)
saleor/saleor-dashboard: .changeset/stupid-peas-work.md

---
"saleor-dashboard": patch
---

> Split select link option to 2 differen one to avoid flakyness

Reviewer: suggestion: typo

```suggestion
Split select link option into 2 different ones to avoid flakyness in tests
```
